It was a wet and weary night in Sumwear City. Two men, dressed in black, slink
behind a dive bar, footsteps hidden by the patter of the rain. One turns to 
the other and mutters something into his hat, as to ward off any nearby
eavesdroppers. The second man quickly nods before they turn their backs and
walk away at a brisk pace. I got curious so I started following them from 
a distance until they turned at a corner i started jogging to the corner 
not to lose site of them but as i turned the corner everything turned to
 black...



I woke up tied to a chair in a dark hot place filled with smoke. Above me 
dangled a single dirty bulb. "he's up" I look toward the voice it's them.
"what is this!? where am I!?". "SHUT IT!" the room fill scilent i 
couldn't produce a sound. it was his eyes they pierced my soul saw my fear
his voice compeled my weak mind to listen. By the time I snaped out of that 
petrifing look, another man was "working me" that what they calleed it 
anyways, it was more like tenderizing me. No questions were asked, just
 a hail of fists came my way until i passed out.


I woke up again...

"Boss, he's up." I glanced up with blood dripping down my mouth. "what 
do you guys want?" I asked. "You know exactly what we want!" he yelled
back. I thought to myself for a good minute. What does this dude mean? 
I don't even know them. This is probably their first time seeing me?
And that's when it clicked. I KNOW this dude. I've seen him before.
In fact, I know the other dude too. Where did I see them from?

I suddenly remembered where I had seen them before. They were from a former life, when I had been a gambling addict. I
remember one time I had taken out a shady loan because none of the banks would give me a loan anymore. To supply my 
addiction, I had contacted a shady Black Market organization that gave out loans, regardless of one's credentials.
I ended up borrowing $20,000 from them and headed to the casino that night. Fortune was not so kind to me, and 
I lost it all in one night. The next day, I receive a message pinned to my day with just a single date written on it,
one month into the future. The next month I scramble to gather money to shell up the money, but was unsuccessful. Scared,
and knowing they knew where I lived, I took a bus across the country and started a different life.
